apps/super-landing/public/markdown/blog/en/google-imagen-4.md, before:

---
title: "Google Imagen 4"
date: 2025-05-20
slug: "google-imagen-4"
locale: en
modelName: "Google Imagen 4"
modelConfig:
  width: 1080
  height: 1080
  aspectRatio: "1:1"
  style: "flux_watercolor"
  shotSize: "Medium Shot"
seo:
  title: "Google Imagen 4 Image Model"
---

# Google Imagen 4

Google's Imagen 4 delivers high‑fidelity images with excellent texture and clear
typography. Specify subjects, style and lighting conditions in the prompt to get
the most accurate results. The model supports multiple aspect ratios and
generates images up to 2048×2048 pixels in a matter of seconds. Because it runs
in a preview mode, strict content filters apply and resolution is currently
capped at 2K.

## Best Use Cases

- Photorealistic product shots or concept art
- Graphics with text such as posters or slides
- Marketing images that require fine detail and clarity

## Prompting Tips

- Describe the subject, environment and style in detail
- Mention lighting conditions or camera perspective if relevant
- Set the desired aspect ratio for layouts like 16:9 or square

## Strengths

- Exceptional texture and lighting quality
- Works across artistic and realistic styles
- Handles short text inside images better than earlier models
- Generates quickly and integrates with Google services

## Limitations

- Currently capped at 2048×2048 resolution
- Strict content filters can refuse some prompts
- Access requires Google or third‑party platforms
- Detailed prompts take a bit more effort than simple one‑liners

Commit message:

Fixed language files and frontmatter in MDX model files to display content correctly in all languages. Added description fields and fixed headers for unification. Updated JSON structures to ensure compatibility and eliminate parsing errors.

apps/super-landing/public/markdown/blog/en/google-imagen-4.md, after:

---
title: "Google Imagen 4"
description: "High-fidelity image generation from Google"
date: 2025-05-20
slug: "google-imagen-4"
locale: en
modelName: "Google Imagen 4"
modelConfig:
  width: 1080
  height: 1080
  aspectRatio: "1:1"
  style: "flux_watercolor"
  shotSize: "Medium Shot"
seo:
  title: "Google Imagen 4 Image Model"
  description: "Prompt tips for Imagen 4"
---

# Google Imagen 4

Google's Imagen 4 delivers high‑fidelity images with excellent texture and clear
typography. Specify subjects, style and lighting conditions in the prompt to get
the most accurate results. The model supports multiple aspect ratios and
generates images up to 2048×2048 pixels in a matter of seconds. Because it runs
in a preview mode, strict content filters apply and resolution is currently
capped at 2K.

## Best Use Cases

- Photorealistic product shots or concept art
- Graphics with text such as posters or slides
- Marketing images that require fine detail and clarity

## Prompting Tips

- Describe the subject, environment and style in detail
- Mention lighting conditions or camera perspective if relevant
- Set the desired aspect ratio for layouts like 16:9 or square

## Strengths

- Exceptional texture and lighting quality
- Works across artistic and realistic styles
- Handles short text inside images better than earlier models
- Generates quickly and integrates with Google services

## Limitations

- Currently capped at 2048×2048 resolution
- Strict content filters can refuse some prompts
- Access requires Google or third‑party platforms
- Detailed prompts take a bit more effort than simple one‑liners
