apps/super-chatbot/README.md, before:

<a href="https://chat.vercel.ai/">
  <img alt="AI-powered media creation platform with image, video, screenplay and storyboard generation." src="app/(chat)/opengraph-image.png">
  <h1 align="center">Super Chatbot - AI Media Creation Platform</h1>
</a>

<p align="center">
    Super Chatbot is a comprehensive AI-powered creative platform that generates images, videos, screenplays, and storyboards from text descriptions. Built with Next.js and advanced AI models for professional content creation.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="docs/ai-media-capabilities.md"><strong>AI Capabilities</strong></a> ·
  <a href="docs/prompt-examples.md"><strong>Prompt Examples</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#core-features"><strong>Core Features</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#ai-models"><strong>AI Models</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#deploy-your-own"><strong>Deploy Your Own</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#running-locally"><strong>Running locally</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#architecture"><strong>Architecture</strong></a>
</p>
<br/>

## Core Features

### 🎨 **Image Generation**

- **FLUX Pro/Dev Models**: Professional-grade image generation with exceptional quality
- **Multiple Styles**: Photorealistic, cinematic, artistic, anime, cartoon, steampunk, sci-fi
- **Flexible Resolutions**: Square, portrait, landscape, and custom aspect ratios
- **Shot Control**: From extreme close-ups to panoramic landscapes
- **Real-time Progress**: WebSocket-powered generation tracking

### 🎬 **Video Generation**

- **SuperDuperAI Veo3**: Cutting-edge video synthesis technology
- **Multiple Formats**: 16:9, 9:16, 4:3, 1:1 aspect ratios for all platforms
- **Frame Rate Control**: 24fps cinematic to 120fps high-speed
- **Duration Flexibility**: 5-60 second video clips
- **Professional Quality**: Full HD, HD, and SD output options

### 📝 **Screenplay Creation**

- **Industry-Standard Format**: Professional screenplay formatting
- **Character Development**: Consistent character voices and story arcs
- **Genre Expertise**: Comedy, drama, thriller, sci-fi, documentary styles
- **Dialogue Crafting**: Natural, engaging conversations with subtext
- **Collaborative Editing**: Real-time multi-user screenplay development

### 🎯 **Storyboard Design**

- **Visual Planning**: Convert scripts into detailed visual panels
- **Camera Notation**: Professional shot types, angles, and movements
- **Scene Visualization**: Consistent character and environment design
- **Technical Annotations**: Lighting, effects, and production notes
- **Export Options**: PDF, image sequences, and digital formats

### 🔧 **Technical Foundation**

- [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org) App Router with React 19
  - Advanced routing and React Server Components
  - Server Actions for optimal performance
- [AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs) Integration
  - Unified API for text, image, and video generation
  - Real-time streaming and tool calling
  - Multi-modal AI capabilities
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com) Design System
  - Tailwind CSS for responsive styling
  - Radix UI primitives for accessibility
- Enterprise Data Management
  - PostgreSQL with Drizzle ORM
  - Vercel Blob for media storage
  - Real-time collaboration features

## AI Models

### Image Generation

- **FLUX Pro**: Commercial-grade photorealistic images
- **FLUX Dev**: Creative exploration and artistic styles
- **SDXL**: Alternative high-quality image synthesis

### Video Generation

- **SuperDuperAI Veo3**: Primary video generation model
- **Runway Gen-3**: Advanced motion and scene understanding
- **Stable Video Diffusion**: Consistent video synthesis

### Text Generation

- **GPT-4**: Advanced language understanding and creative writing
- **Claude**: Sophisticated dialogue and narrative creation
- **xAI Grok**: Real-time information and creative assistance

## Deploy Your Own

Deploy your AI media creation platform to Vercel with one click:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fai-chatbot&env=AUTH_SECRET&envDescription=Generate%20a%20random%20secret%20to%20use%20for%20authentication&envLink=https%3A%2F%2Fgenerate-secret.vercel.app%2F32&project-name=super-chatbot&repository-name=super-chatbot&demo-title=Super%20Chatbot&demo-description=AI-powered%20media%20creation%20platform%20for%20images%2C%20videos%2C%20screenplays%20and%20storyboards&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fchat.vercel.ai&products=%5B%7B%22type%22%3A%22integration%22%2C%22protocol%22%3A%22ai%22%2C%22productSlug%22%3A%22grok%22%2C%22integrationSlug%22%3A%22xai%22%7D%2C%7B%22type%22%3A%22integration%22%2C%22protocol%22%3A%22storage%22%2C%22productSlug%22%3A%22neon%22%2C%22integrationSlug%22%3A%22neon%22%7D%2C%7B%22type%22%3A%22blob%22%7D%5D)

## Running locally

Set up your local development environment with the required API keys and configuration:

> Note: You should not commit your `.env` file or it will expose secrets that allow others to control access to your AI and authentication provider accounts.

1. Install Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
2. Link local instance with Vercel and GitHub accounts: `vercel link`
3. Download your environment variables: `vercel env pull`

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

Your AI media creation platform will be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Architecture

This application is built with a modern, scalable architecture designed for professional content creation:

### 📚 Documentation

- **[AI Media Capabilities](docs/ai-media-capabilities.md)** - Comprehensive overview of AI features
- **[Prompt Examples](docs/prompt-examples.md)** - Proven prompts for optimal results
- **[Technical Specifications](docs/TECHNICAL_SPECIFICATIONS.md)** - Implementation details
- **[WebSocket Architecture](docs/CHAT_WEBSOCKET_ARCHITECTURE.md)** - Real-time communication
- **[Monitoring API](docs/api/monitoring-api.md)** - API documentation for monitoring systems
- **[Monitoring Architecture](docs/architecture/monitoring-architecture.md)** - System architecture overview
- **[AGENTS.md](AGENTS.md)** - AI agent development guide

### 🏗️ Core Components

- **Creative Interface**: Intuitive design for media generation workflows
- **AI Engine**: Multi-modal AI integration with streaming capabilities
- **Media Pipeline**: Professional-grade asset processing and storage
- **Collaboration Tools**: Real-time editing and project management
- **Export System**: Professional format output and integration

### 🤖 AI Integration

- **SuperDuperAI API**: Primary media generation backend
- **WebSocket Updates**: Real-time generation progress tracking
- **Batch Processing**: Efficient multi-asset generation
- **Style Consistency**: Maintained visual language across projects
- **Quality Control**: Multi-tier output options for different needs

### 🔧 Development Features

- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript implementation
- **Code Quality**: Biome for linting and formatting
- **Testing**: Comprehensive E2E testing with Playwright
- **Monitoring**: Advanced monitoring system with metrics, alerts, and health checks
- **Security**: NextAuth v5 with enterprise-grade authentication
- **Performance**: Optimized bundle size with lazy loading and caching

### 📊 Monitoring & Observability

- **Health Checks**: Real-time system health monitoring with automatic alerts
- **Performance Metrics**: API response times, component render performance, and system resources
- **Structured Logging**: Contextual logging with automatic sanitization and external integration
- **Alerting System**: Multi-channel notifications (Slack, Email, Webhook, Sentry) with escalation rules
- **Dashboard**: Real-time monitoring dashboard for administrators
- **API Endpoints**: `/api/health` and `/api/metrics` for external monitoring integration

## Use Cases

### Content Creation

- **Marketing Campaigns**: Complete visual campaigns from concept to completion
- **Social Media**: Platform-optimized content across all formats
- **Educational Materials**: Instructional videos and visual aids
- **Entertainment**: Short films, commercials, and promotional content

### Professional Production

- **Pre-Production**: Complete pre-visualization for film and video projects
- **Concept Art**: Visual development for games, films, and products
- **Client Presentations**: Professional pitch materials and mockups
- **Rapid Prototyping**: Quick visual iteration for creative projects

## Getting Started

### Quick Examples

**Generate an Image:**

```
"Create a cinematic wide shot of a futuristic cityscape at sunset with flying cars, photorealistic style"
```

**Create a Video:**

```
"Generate a 10-second video of ocean waves crashing on a beach at golden hour, 30fps, cinematic"
```

**Write a Screenplay:**

```
"Write a 3-page comedy screenplay about two robots learning to dance"
```

**Design a Storyboard:**

```
"Create a 6-panel storyboard for a smartphone commercial with camera angles and transitions"
```

For detailed examples and advanced techniques, see our [Prompt Examples Guide](docs/prompt-examples.md).

## 🐛 Image Generation Debugging

If generated images don't appear in chat, follow these steps:

### 1. Open Browser Console

- Press F12 or right-click → Inspect → Console tab

### 2. Generate an Image

- Use the chat to request image generation (e.g., "generate image of a cat")

### 3. Monitor Debug Logs

Look for this sequence in console:

```
🎨 ✅ Image completed via SSE file event: [URL]
🔄 ImageArtifactWrapper memo: content changed, triggering re-render
🔧 ImageArtifactWrapper: initial state updated
🎯 ImageEditor: initialState updated
🎯 ImageEditor display state: { showImage: true, displayImageUrl: [URL] }
```

### 4. Quick Fix Commands

If image doesn't appear, try these console commands:

```javascript
quickImageFix(); // Apply last generated image
imageSystem.debug(); // Check system health
checkCurrentArtifact(); // Check artifact state
```

### 5. Save Images Permanently

To keep generated images accessible after closing artifacts:

```javascript
addImageToChat(); // Add last generated image to chat history
addImageToChat("https://your-image-url.com"); // Add specific image URL
```

**Why this is needed:** After closing an artifact, images disappear from the interface. The `addImageToChat()` function adds images to the chat message history where they remain permanently accessible.

### 6. Report Issues

When reporting problems, include:

- Which debug log step is missing/failing
- Full console output with timestamps
- Browser and version information

---

Commit message:

The pnpm-lock.yaml file has been updated to include new dependencies for testing. Request handling middleware has been removed, and configurations in next.config.ts have been updated to improve error handling and performance. Changes have been made to package.json to optimize build commands. The documentation in README.md has been updated to describe the simplified monitoring system. Deprecated tests and helper files have been removed, and the code structure and error handling in components have been improved.

apps/super-chatbot/README.md, after:

<a href="https://chat.vercel.ai/">
  <img alt="AI-powered media creation platform with image, video, screenplay and storyboard generation." src="app/(chat)/opengraph-image.png">
  <h1 align="center">Super Chatbot - AI Media Creation Platform</h1>
</a>

<p align="center">
    Super Chatbot is a comprehensive AI-powered creative platform that generates images, videos, screenplays, and storyboards from text descriptions. Built with Next.js and advanced AI models for professional content creation.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="docs/ai-media-capabilities.md"><strong>AI Capabilities</strong></a> ·
  <a href="docs/prompt-examples.md"><strong>Prompt Examples</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#core-features"><strong>Core Features</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#ai-models"><strong>AI Models</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#deploy-your-own"><strong>Deploy Your Own</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#running-locally"><strong>Running locally</strong></a> ·
  <a href="#architecture"><strong>Architecture</strong></a>
</p>
<br/>

## Core Features

### 🎨 **Image Generation**

- **FLUX Pro/Dev Models**: Professional-grade image generation with exceptional quality
- **Multiple Styles**: Photorealistic, cinematic, artistic, anime, cartoon, steampunk, sci-fi
- **Flexible Resolutions**: Square, portrait, landscape, and custom aspect ratios
- **Shot Control**: From extreme close-ups to panoramic landscapes
- **Real-time Progress**: WebSocket-powered generation tracking

### 🎬 **Video Generation**

- **SuperDuperAI Veo3**: Cutting-edge video synthesis technology
- **Multiple Formats**: 16:9, 9:16, 4:3, 1:1 aspect ratios for all platforms
- **Frame Rate Control**: 24fps cinematic to 120fps high-speed
- **Duration Flexibility**: 5-60 second video clips
- **Professional Quality**: Full HD, HD, and SD output options

### 📝 **Screenplay Creation**

- **Industry-Standard Format**: Professional screenplay formatting
- **Character Development**: Consistent character voices and story arcs
- **Genre Expertise**: Comedy, drama, thriller, sci-fi, documentary styles
- **Dialogue Crafting**: Natural, engaging conversations with subtext
- **Collaborative Editing**: Real-time multi-user screenplay development

### 🎯 **Storyboard Design**

- **Visual Planning**: Convert scripts into detailed visual panels
- **Camera Notation**: Professional shot types, angles, and movements
- **Scene Visualization**: Consistent character and environment design
- **Technical Annotations**: Lighting, effects, and production notes
- **Export Options**: PDF, image sequences, and digital formats

### 🔧 **Technical Foundation**

- [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org) App Router with React 19
  - Advanced routing and React Server Components
  - Server Actions for optimal performance
- [AI SDK](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs) Integration
  - Unified API for text, image, and video generation
  - Real-time streaming and tool calling
  - Multi-modal AI capabilities
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com) Design System
  - Tailwind CSS for responsive styling
  - Radix UI primitives for accessibility
- Enterprise Data Management
  - PostgreSQL with Drizzle ORM
  - Vercel Blob for media storage
  - Real-time collaboration features

## AI Models

### Image Generation

- **FLUX Pro**: Commercial-grade photorealistic images
- **FLUX Dev**: Creative exploration and artistic styles
- **SDXL**: Alternative high-quality image synthesis

### Video Generation

- **SuperDuperAI Veo3**: Primary video generation model
- **Runway Gen-3**: Advanced motion and scene understanding
- **Stable Video Diffusion**: Consistent video synthesis

### Text Generation

- **GPT-4**: Advanced language understanding and creative writing
- **Claude**: Sophisticated dialogue and narrative creation
- **xAI Grok**: Real-time information and creative assistance

## Deploy Your Own

Deploy your AI media creation platform to Vercel with one click:

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fvercel%2Fai-chatbot&env=AUTH_SECRET&envDescription=Generate%20a%20random%20secret%20to%20use%20for%20authentication&envLink=https%3A%2F%2Fgenerate-secret.vercel.app%2F32&project-name=super-chatbot&repository-name=super-chatbot&demo-title=Super%20Chatbot&demo-description=AI-powered%20media%20creation%20platform%20for%20images%2C%20videos%2C%20screenplays%20and%20storyboards&demo-url=https%3A%2F%2Fchat.vercel.ai&products=%5B%7B%22type%22%3A%22integration%22%2C%22protocol%22%3A%22ai%22%2C%22productSlug%22%3A%22grok%22%2C%22integrationSlug%22%3A%22xai%22%7D%2C%7B%22type%22%3A%22integration%22%2C%22protocol%22%3A%22storage%22%2C%22productSlug%22%3A%22neon%22%2C%22integrationSlug%22%3A%22neon%22%7D%2C%7B%22type%22%3A%22blob%22%7D%5D)

## Running locally

Set up your local development environment with the required API keys and configuration:

> Note: You should not commit your `.env` file or it will expose secrets that allow others to control access to your AI and authentication provider accounts.

1. Install Vercel CLI: `npm i -g vercel`
2. Link local instance with Vercel and GitHub accounts: `vercel link`
3. Download your environment variables: `vercel env pull`

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

Your AI media creation platform will be running on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Architecture

This application is built with a modern, scalable architecture designed for professional content creation:

### 📚 Documentation

- **[AI Media Capabilities](docs/ai-media-capabilities.md)** - Comprehensive overview of AI features
- **[Prompt Examples](docs/prompt-examples.md)** - Proven prompts for optimal results
- **[Technical Specifications](docs/TECHNICAL_SPECIFICATIONS.md)** - Implementation details
- **[WebSocket Architecture](docs/CHAT_WEBSOCKET_ARCHITECTURE.md)** - Real-time communication
- **[Monitoring API](docs/api/monitoring-api.md)** - API documentation for simplified monitoring system
- **[Simple Monitoring Architecture](docs/architecture/simple-monitoring-architecture.md)** - Simplified system architecture overview
- **[AGENTS.md](AGENTS.md)** - AI agent development guide

### 🏗️ Core Components

- **Creative Interface**: Intuitive design for media generation workflows
- **AI Engine**: Multi-modal AI integration with streaming capabilities
- **Media Pipeline**: Professional-grade asset processing and storage
- **Collaboration Tools**: Real-time editing and project management
- **Export System**: Professional format output and integration

### 🤖 AI Integration

- **SuperDuperAI API**: Primary media generation backend
- **WebSocket Updates**: Real-time generation progress tracking
- **Batch Processing**: Efficient multi-asset generation
- **Style Consistency**: Maintained visual language across projects
- **Quality Control**: Multi-tier output options for different needs

### 🔧 Development Features

- **Type Safety**: Full TypeScript implementation
- **Code Quality**: Biome for linting and formatting
- **Testing**: Comprehensive E2E testing with Playwright
- **Monitoring**: Simplified monitoring system with basic metrics and health checks
- **Security**: NextAuth v5 with enterprise-grade authentication
- **Performance**: Optimized bundle size with lazy loading and caching

### 📊 Monitoring & Observability

- **Health Checks**: Basic system health monitoring with uptime and memory usage
- **API Metrics**: Simple request counting and error tracking for endpoints
- **System Information**: Platform details, Node.js version, and memory usage
- **Admin Dashboard**: Real-time monitoring dashboard for administrators
- **API Endpoints**: `/api/health` and `/api/metrics` for basic system monitoring
- **Simplified Architecture**: Lightweight monitoring with minimal performance impact

## Use Cases

### Content Creation

- **Marketing Campaigns**: Complete visual campaigns from concept to completion
- **Social Media**: Platform-optimized content across all formats
- **Educational Materials**: Instructional videos and visual aids
- **Entertainment**: Short films, commercials, and promotional content

### Professional Production

- **Pre-Production**: Complete pre-visualization for film and video projects
- **Concept Art**: Visual development for games, films, and products
- **Client Presentations**: Professional pitch materials and mockups
- **Rapid Prototyping**: Quick visual iteration for creative projects

## Getting Started

### Quick Examples

**Generate an Image:**

```
"Create a cinematic wide shot of a futuristic cityscape at sunset with flying cars, photorealistic style"
```

**Create a Video:**

```
"Generate a 10-second video of ocean waves crashing on a beach at golden hour, 30fps, cinematic"
```

**Write a Screenplay:**

```
"Write a 3-page comedy screenplay about two robots learning to dance"
```

**Design a Storyboard:**

```
"Create a 6-panel storyboard for a smartphone commercial with camera angles and transitions"
```

For detailed examples and advanced techniques, see our [Prompt Examples Guide](docs/prompt-examples.md).

## 🐛 Image Generation Debugging

If generated images don't appear in chat, follow these steps:

### 1. Open Browser Console

- Press F12 or right-click → Inspect → Console tab

### 2. Generate an Image

- Use the chat to request image generation (e.g., "generate image of a cat")

### 3. Monitor Debug Logs

Look for this sequence in console:

```
🎨 ✅ Image completed via SSE file event: [URL]
🔄 ImageArtifactWrapper memo: content changed, triggering re-render
🔧 ImageArtifactWrapper: initial state updated
🎯 ImageEditor: initialState updated
🎯 ImageEditor display state: { showImage: true, displayImageUrl: [URL] }
```

### 4. Quick Fix Commands

If image doesn't appear, try these console commands:

```javascript
quickImageFix(); // Apply last generated image
imageSystem.debug(); // Check system health
checkCurrentArtifact(); // Check artifact state
```

### 5. Save Images Permanently

To keep generated images accessible after closing artifacts:

```javascript
addImageToChat(); // Add last generated image to chat history
addImageToChat("https://your-image-url.com"); // Add specific image URL
```

**Why this is needed:** After closing an artifact, images disappear from the interface. The `addImageToChat()` function adds images to the chat message history where they remain permanently accessible.

### 6. Report Issues

When reporting problems, include:

- Which debug log step is missing/failing
- Full console output with timestamps
- Browser and version information

---
